have you ever felt so alienated that you
wish someone else could just get you
through the day have you ever been so
desperate to get that help that you'd
release something evil upon the world in
2018's look away we take a look at the
darker side of revenge while i may give
you my opinion on the film here that's
no substitute for experiencing it
yourself links to the movie are in the
description down below we open up to an
ultrasound imagery that shows twins in
the womb but the longer it plays the
more it looks like the twins are
fighting each other with the title
screen as ominous as that i can only
imagine that this is going to be a good
slow burner we start off with maria
getting ready for another day at school
as she gets ready we have a glimpse of
her mother and father at the table is
that lucious malfoy as her father well
she doesn't have a happy childhood sure
enough on her way to school this girl
lights a cigarette could she be any more
of a troubled privileged girl as she
walks down the halls of her school she
hears the haunting echo of everyone else
laughing at her except no one is
laughing at her no one is even looking
at her after school maria's friend and
her hang out at the hockey practice
where they are smoking another cigarette
is there no supervision in this town
after she returns home she once again
sits awkwardly at the dinner table with
her family after she blows up on her
mother who's only trying to help she
stomps off up a beautiful staircase i
mean whoever designed this house is an
artist for sure
she has no friends you said it dad mom
and dad discuss the downfall of their
daughter which only prompts maria to
spiral even more when she's in her room
she notices a piece of paper wedged into
her mirror when she takes it out she
realizes that it's an ultrasound picture
of the twins from the beginning just a
wild guess here but foreshadow alert and
somehow we quickly just forget about
that and jump to maria in the bathroom
having some alone time in front of the
mirror because that's everyone's go-to
when their parents told them they were a
screw-up well if that isn't enough to
keep you from doing that ever again i
don't know what will of course after she
crawls away from the mirror she walks
right back like a genius she wipes away
the fog from the mirror to show that her
reflection isn't actually following her
this finally prompts her to run out of
the bathroom finally
hey sweetie
dad um
last night
i don't
really know what to make of it but i
i just wanted to ask you something get
any sleep
yeah i
well i mean i mean no i didn't sleep
well last night i'm terrible
dog um i'm terrible
come the next morning maria actually
attempts to open up to her dad about
what happened the night before but his
response is far from heartwarming father
of the year everybody and of course
she's back in front of the haunted
mirror the entire time she's in front of
the mirror her reflection is just the
slightest bit off it's just unsettling
when she leaves her house to go to the
bus one of the male students is waiting
for her it's almost as though there's
some bad pass between the two luckily
her friend pops up in her car and
rescues her that night maria finds
herself in her bathroom again as she
sinks into the tub she has a flashback
of what seems to be her birth all the
while after she hears a sinister voice
calling her name this girl legitimately
goes back to the bathroom mirror only
this time she tries to question her
reflection
why am i seeing you
because i'm here
well that's just an unsettling simple
answer while this reflection gives an
enticing offer i'm not entirely sure
that her vague responses are reassuring
it's only now that we find out that her
name is irem and that should send up
some backwards red flags as well i mean
just think about it we cut to breakfast
yet again and it's here that maria's
parents see the new and improved maria
for the first time later her friends
start to see a change in her as well but
the more maria sees her friends make out
with her boyfriend the more she starts
to think about irum's offer next we find
out that maria's dad is actually a
plastic surgeon it all makes sense now
on top of that there seems to be
something nefarious going on with one of
his patients that is surely adding to
maria's opinion of her father after a
chance encounter where maria and her
father run into her guy bully dad begins
to understand that something may have
happened between the two and he gets
suspicious of the bully this encounter
prompts maria to talk to irem again at
least we can tell that maria wants to
believe not everyone is out to get her
iran on the other hand is ready to serve
cold justice to everyone the next day
maria goes to her father's office where
he surprises her with the gift of
plastic surgery even the corrections he
mentions are minuscule little changes
but it just goes to show who she's
dealing with of course this prompts
maria to tell irem that she was right
all along after maria's mom hears her
talking to irem through the bathroom
door she barges in and asks her who
she's talking to as she looks around she
realizes that there's no one there
are you smoking pot in here
stop
breathe
let me help you she has problems and
what is her first guess for an
explanation
safe guess honestly after her mother
tries to explain the situation to her
dad he reacts by handing her
prescription pills to calm her down i
honestly can't tell if he's doing the
best he can or if this is just a crappy
relationship all the way around after a
terrible day with her best friend maria
comes to irem yet again this time she
tries to defend her best friend it's
here that we learned that maria has
actually repressed memories of all the
times she's been led down but irum
didn't forget irem offers to fix
everything for maria and this time maria
is inclined to agree as the two begin to
transfer we get interrupted by her
mother at the door worst timing ever
just to give her a little tiara for the
prom as well sure enough maria heads to
her high school prom the prom is on ice
literally an ice rink so if you wanted
to be a part of your own prom you have
to learn how to skate that feels a
little survival of the fittest but okay
well if this isn't a trap to get her on
the ice then i don't know what is but
like a high school girl swept up in the
possibility she follows him out onto the
ice that's her best friend's boyfriend
surprisingly it isn't a trap but she
catches the eye of her best friend which
causes her to fall she falls right into
the guy that's been bullying her and
when he reaches down his hand to help
her she has a glimmer of hope well think
again of course this is enough for her
to call on irem to do what she promised
that's one way to make a pact with an
evil spirit i guess now that irem is on
our side she begins to investigate her
surroundings as she does so maria's
mother is having a flashback dream to
her pregnancy and her father is having
an interesting moment that i can't
really describe here you go like i said
can't describe the next morning maria's
mother asks irem how the prom went of
course irum says it went well irem's
attitude troubles her mother while she's
still happy to see the changes not all
the changes are welcome though as she
enters the school her bully bits her
good morning and reminds her of the
escapades of the night before naturally
he gets shut down as irem isn't taking
his crap anymore as she embarrasses him
and walks away she's approached by her
best friend's boyfriend who's simply
wanting to check in on her after the
events of last night this conversation
is cut short after her best friend shows
up after she tries to apologize for
going along with the bully's antics from
the night before irm isn't taking it i
am loving irem look at her this is why
we don't make deals with evil
reflections when we're vulnerable ira
makes her way into her dad's office
where she begins to come onto him wtf
this throws him for a loop but he never
actually catches on after a quick little
meeting ira makes her way to the
secretary who she sends away so she can
call the woman that has been making
moves on her dad awesomely enough she
even gets the secretary to get her mom
to come in the same time she set the
other woman up for that's just cold yet
i want to know what happens next of
course we jump to a silent dinner though
only her father is not at the table for
the first time iron does not give a
single dam irem questions her mother
about her father's whereabouts but in
the process she tries to get her mother
to admit that she knows what he's doing
in a moment of rage her mother smacks
her and irem goes to talk to maria maria
is not happy with what's been going on
but irem spins her words into a sense
that makes maria begin to follow along a
little better you can literally see iron
plot her revenge as she watches her best
friend's every move of course before the
best friend we encounter the bully at
the ice rink as he follows her into the
locker room he hears the showers running
naturally he heads in to try and find
her but even i cringed as his leg
buckled not messing with her anymore
seconds later we're in the car with her
best friend i love this part because it
shows that the bad person here is
actually doing some good she's
accomplishing what she promised and it's
making our hero or damsel in distress
depending on how you look at it safe and
happy for once the two of them end up
going ice skating and after a
competition happens the two of them are
in a high speed ice skating chase
technically she didn't do anything wrong
i guess either way this is not how i
expected this to go down once the police
leave after questioning maria begins to
change her mind on what she wants from
my room yet irum is having none of it
iron defends her side by sticking to the
defense that she never actually touched
her she's not wrong after she points out
that maria can't lie to her she points
out that everything she's doing she's
doing because maria really wants her to
at the funeral maria has her eye on her
deceased best friend's boyfriend who
follows her out into the snow they
exchange a hug and irem shows that she's
not actually against what's happening at
all later that night she sneaks out of
the house and meets up with him at his
place as they smoke some weed he spills
his heart out to her but she has other
plans she is good she breaks down to him
that she would fantasize about being in
her best friend's spom being with him
she comes onto him and he is powerless
to resist obviously we can't have a
goodie two shoes as we hop over to iran
having dinner with her dad he becomes
uneasy the way she's devouring that crab
probably isn't helping as a concerned
father he asks her how she's doing with
the accident and she turns it around to
ask if he's coming home this obviously
doesn't go well and she puts on a show
of unladylike attitude he quickly pulls
his phone out and asks her what she sees
she doesn't like what she sees and we
can tell that she's got something
planned for him farther down the road
the next day iron and her boyfriend
leave school early to mess around and as
they go to her house they encounter her
mom drunk on the couch this prompts her
mom to try and point out that this isn't
the best way to act but irm just tells
her to go back to sleep before they go
up to her room the next day rolls around
and they cut school again only this time
they go to a seedy hotel they're in high
school once they're in there he gets a
call from his mother that says the
police want to talk to both of them well
if he wasn't on her list before he sure
is now well that was fast with her body
count up to two i can only imagine that
maria isn't doing too well on her side
sure enough she's grieving
uncontrollably when iran goes to the
bathroom later that night maria's mother
has another flashback to her pregnancy
and we find out that one of her babies
was deformed at birth we find out that
they let one of their babies die due to
it and she wakes up sobbing iram leaves
the hotel and travels over to her
father's office she pretends to be drunk
and he helps her inside iran takes her
clothes off after she spills water on
them and presents herself to her father
he handles this shockingly well at least
at first until that of course this seems
like a good time for some explaining or
no explanation at all that's cool too as
she stands over his dying body she asks
why he couldn't just love me a question
she'll never get the answer to when irum
goes to the bathroom mirror to rinse off
she calls for maria in the mirror but
she never answers after she leaves she
looks at her reflection everywhere she
can it's almost like she hopes maria
will simply reappear so she isn't alone
anymore but that never happens she walks
all the way back to her home and makes
her way into her mother's bed where she
cuddles up to her after a whole journey
of her being as hard as she can be
there's something comforting about her
still cuddling up to her mother when
she's feeling low for a film that we all
know didn't have a happy ending about
five minutes after the film ends that
was a great way to give us that glimmer
of yay we all know she went to jail or a
psychiatric hospital but at least she
had that moment of rest i hope you
enjoyed the video and by all means watch
the film for yourself there's something
there for everyone if you did like it
leave a like on the video and suggest
what i should watch next subscribe if
you want to see more videos like this
one and i'll see you in the next video